REGR: ufunc with DataFrame input not passing all kwargs (#40878)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.2.4.rst

- Fixed regression in :meth:`DataFrame.where` not returning a copy in the case of an all True condition (:issue:`39595`)
- Fixed regression in :meth:`DataFrame.replace` raising ``IndexError`` when ``regex`` was a multi-key dictionary (:issue:`39338`)
- Fixed regression in repr of floats in an ``object`` column not respecting ``float_format`` when printed in the console or outputted through :meth:`DataFrame.to_string`, :meth:`DataFrame.to_html`, and :meth:`DataFrame.to_latex` (:issue:`40024`)

> - Fixed regression in NumPy ufuncs such as ``np.add`` not passing through all arguments for 2-dimensional input (:issue:`40662`)

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed regression in NumPy ufuncs such as ``np.add`` not passing through all arguments for :class:`DataFrame` (:issue:`40662`)
```

> - Fixed regression in ``numpy`` ufuncs such as ``np.add`` not passing through all arguments for 2-dimensional input (:issue:`40662`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed regression in NumPy ufuncs such as ``np.add`` not passing through all arguments for 2-dimensional input (:issue:`40662`)
```

and maybe replace 2-dimensional input with :class:`DataFrame`?

Author: Yep will do
